You are listening to a teaching from Reality LA.
Morning church, great to see you.
How you doing?
Good.
Well, we are in a sermon series right now that we're calling the essentials.
We're doing this for four weeks where we want to talk about four essentials for healthy involvement in the church.
And those are to gather on Sundays, engage our discipleship pathway, be involved in Christian community,
and then serve in some capacity.
And so today we're talking about being involved in Christian community.
And to do that, we'll look at Colossians three versus 12 through 17, which is about how to experience real community.
And while you're turning to Colossians three in your Bibles, let me tell you a quick story.
My wife and I moved to LA in,
2013, January 1st, and the first book that I read when I got to LA was on the road by Jack Kerouac.
See, for three years before that, I'd been working on my dissertation and didn't have room to read anything outside of the one topic that I was focused on during that time.
And so finally, once I had some space, I wanted to read fiction.
I'd been wanting to read this book for a long time, and so I read On the Road.
And it's a great story about several guys making a road trip across America in search of freedom, belonging, and purpose.
And in the story, they come to Los Angeles.
A city that's overflowing with people and activity.
And yet, here's what Jack Kerouac says about it.
L.A. is the loneliest and most brutal of American cities.
New York gets god awful cold in the winter, but there's a feeling of wacky comrade ships somewhere in the streets.
L.A. is a jungle.
I'll tell you this.
After living here for 13 years, I think that he's right.
L.A. is a lonely place.
And it's so ironic, isn't it?
Because there are so many people here.
And based on social media, it seems like they're all connected.
Everyone's hiking together, running in Canyon, and waiting in long lines for overpriced coffee and silver lake together.
And out on the streets for the Dodgers parade, there's so many people here.
And yet, of course, social media doesn't always represent reality.
Most people in this city are hurting and alone.
And why is it that LA is such a lonely place, uniquely lonely?
Well, I think there are at least three reasons.
One is that the city is so transient.
People are constantly coming and going.
They come here for college and leave.
They come here for a job and then eventually leave.
It's a hard place to raise families so people get married and have kids and they leave.
The entertainment industry is rough.
It's been a hard several years.
People leave.
So it's a transient city and it's hard to build relationships and that.
The second reason it's so lonely is that it's so sprawling.
LA consists of 114 neighborhoods spread out over 500 square miles.
So if you live in Culver City and you meet someone who lives in Pasadena, it's going to be hard to sustain a relationship when the city is just so spread out.
So LA is lonely because it's transient, it's sprawling, and third because it's competitive.
People here are driven, they have big dreams, and they learn to see others either as competitors who threaten their career or commodities who can help them in their career.
And so relationships easily become transactional, networking replaces friendship, and people become means rather than ends.
So LA is a lonely place.
It's really hard to have genuine community here.
And yet, as humans, we were made for community.
And then as followers of Jesus, we especially value this.
And so for us as a church, we did a survey where we asked people this question, do you have Christian friends
that you regularly connect with for intentional Christian fellowship.
And I was encouraged by the results overall with this.
I mean, 76% of you said, yes, that you do have this and praise God.
That's amazing.
That's actually really encouraging.
But then there's the 24% that said they don't.
They don't have Christian relationships where they're regularly intentionally engaging with for fellowship.
And we're talking about hundreds of people here.
who say that they're trying to follow Jesus, but don't have that.
And so today what I wanna do is I wanna talk to that 24% and invite you into community.
And I wanna talk to the 76% as well and help define and deepen what you already have in Christian community.
And so everybody wants community.
I don't have to convince anyone of that.
Everybody wants community, but not everyone wants to do what it takes to have real community.
And Colossians chapter three is going to show us how to get there.
It gets beyond superficial connection and it shows us what real community is like and then it gives us some tools to be able to experience it.
So let me read this passage for us and then I'll pray that God would speak to us through it.
Colossians chapter three, verses 12 through 17.
Put on then, as God's chosen ones, holy and beloved, compassionate hearts, kindness, humility,
meekness and patience, bearing with one another.
And if one has a complaint against another, forgiving each other as the Lord has forgiven you.
So you also must forgive.
And above all these, put on love, which binds everything together in perfect harmony and let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts to which indeed you were called in one body and be grateful.
Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly, teaching and admonishing one another in all wisdom, singing Psalms and hymns and spiritual songs with thankfulness in your hearts to God.
And whatever you do, and word or deed, do everything in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through him.
This is God's word, pray with me.
God, we know that when we talk about LA as a lonely place, that we're not just talking about that in theory,
but that many of us here today, that's our experience.
That we don't feel like we have people that we can genuinely go to and just be vulnerable and raw and honest and wonder how they'll respond or not.
And so God, we believe your word when you say that you set the lonely in family.
We believe your word when you say that we were made for community and that we need community.
But God, we need you to show us how that's possible.
And we need you as a good shepherd to guide us into that.
And so I pray, God, that we would lay down our preconceived notions or unrealistic expectations that we would have and that we would embrace real community that can be difficult and require sacrifice, but is worth it.
We pray this all in your son's name.
Amen.
All right, well, I want to start off by talking about the enemy of real community.
And it's not busyness.
It's not personality differences.
It's not even conflict.
I believe that idealism is the enemy of real community.
What happens is we have a dreamy version of community where it happens spontaneously.
Everyone always gets along.
No one disappoints and love feels effortless.
We imagine community without conflict, belonging, without inconvenience, intimacy, without vulnerability and unity, without forgiveness.
And when real people don't live up to that vision, then we quietly disengage.
And some of you are in that place today and you think, well, I'd have community if there were more people my age or I'd have community if people lived closer to me or I'd have community if some of these people liked the same things that I like.
And the unrealistic vision of community that we have keeps us from experiencing real community altogether.
Well, my goal today
is to take an axe to your idealistic vision of community.
Sometimes as a preacher, I try to inspire, imagine the world renewed by the grace of God.
Well, today I'm not trying to inspire you.
In fact, I hope this might be my most uninspiring sermon ever.
Because my goal today is to confront you with reality.
Community is hard and sometimes horrible, and yet it's absolutely necessary and even beautiful.
You have to have it.
You have to have community.
But to have it, you have to die to yourself over and over and over again.
And what's so striking when we turn to Colossians 3 is that the Bible doesn't correct our expectations by offering us a more inspiring vision of community.
It corrects them by being brutally honest.
And when you read this passage in Colossians 3, one thing becomes immediately clear.
Paul is not writing to people who are naturally getting along.
Like why else would he write a letter to a church and say, you need to be compassionate, you need to be patient, you need to be more forgiving, you need to be, why would he say that?
Because he's writing to people who have issues
and have a hard time getting along together and are fighting with each other and then going at it.
And so he's writing to them.
Paul assumes that people are hard to live with.
Conflict is inevitable.
Forgiveness is required and love must be chosen constantly.
I mean, I tell you, I was praying about what to preach on today.
There were some other passages, like I, pardon me, we wanted to preach on John 13 where Jesus says, as I've loved you, loved one another, like that sounds beautiful.
It's amazing.
Like how is Jesus loved us, loved one another?
But I was like, no, we need the grit.
Like we need to know that this is hard.
And that's what you have in this passage.
I mean, it's talking about forgiveness.
It's talking about bearing with one another.
Paul is assuming these people are having a hard time with it because it's hard.
because bringing sinners together who are works in progress and calling them to follow Jesus together is gonna create some friction.
And so the way to genuine Christian community is not by avoiding conflict, but by walking through it in a Christ-like way together.
In fact, it's the conflict followed by forgiveness and reconciliation and growing together that makes the relationship that much deeper.
That is, if,
you're willing to stick around for that.
And I think there's three stages that people go through on their way towards genuine Christian community.
The first is excitement.
Imagine that you go to a community group and it's bustling and these people are doing life together and praying for each other and you're like, yes, this is it.
I didn't know this existed and this is what I need right here in Los Angeles.
This community group is amazing.
These people are awesome.
And then like two or three weeks in, you're like, but that one person has some interesting political views.
And there's a few people who are a little bit socially awkward and it's getting weird.
I'm not sure what to do.
I don't know how to go about this.
And then eventually maybe a couple of weeks later, somebody says something that offends you or hurts you.
And so you go from stage one, excitement to stage two, which is disappointment.
I go, these people aren't all that I thought they were.
These people do make mistakes.
They do mess up.
And so you go from excitement to disappointment.
And then here's the key.
Here's the fork in the road.
At this point, you can either say, I'm out.
I don't wanna be around people who have different political views that I do.
A person makes me awkward.
I don't wanna deal with that.
You can either, this is the fork in the road.
You can either say, I'm gonna go find a different community.
I'm gonna go to a different church.
I'm gonna go to different relationships.
You can either do that, or this is when you can commit and start experiencing real community.
That's the process, excitement, disappointment, commitment that leads to genuine, authentic community.
And I do want to give one qualification to everything that I'm saying here.
I'm not telling anyone to stay in an abusive relationship or a toxic environment.
Okay, that's not good.
You need to have healthy boundaries in your life.
You can do that and be a gracious person.
And if you're not sure like, oh, is this just like hard and I need to fight through it and be committed or is this like,
an unhealthy environment that I shouldn't stay in, talk to one of our elders.
We'd love to talk through that and pray with you about that.
So I'm not saying you have to stay in every relationship, every community.
I am calling people to commit to real community that's messy, difficult, and takes time.
And my concern is that lots of people have experienced,
Lots of people haven't experienced their idealized version of community.
And so they've settled instead for shallow digital connectedness or the buzz of a crowd.
But here's the thing, you can have hundreds or even thousands of followers on social media and still be lonely.
And being around people all the time doesn't do it either.
Like if you're looking for easy surface level community or easy surface level unity,
Go to a Taylor Swift concert or a Dodgers game.
It'll feel amazing.
Everyone will be doing like cheering for the same thing in the right direction.
That's amazing.
But that's not real community.
That's a crowd.
Those people aren't going to show up for you when you're in the hospital.
Those people aren't going to come cry with you when you go through a difficult breakup.
Those people are going to pray for you when your kids are struggling and you don't know what to do.
We need real community.
And some of you here today,
You've given up on genuine community.
And I want to talk to you for a second.
If that's you, if you're here today and you're saying, I've tried, I can't do this anymore.
It's too painful.
I want to say to you, God loves you.
He's for you.
And your wounds from the past don't have to hold you back from relationships in the future.
We are wounded in relationships, but we also can only experience healing in relationships.
and they don't have to be the same relationships, but we were made for relationships and we need to experience healing.
This is why this is part of our discipleship pathway.
As followers of Jesus, we need to experience healing from our wounds.
So if you're in that place, you've got to let go of unrealistic expectations and embrace the messiness of real community.
Now is the time.
Today is the day.
If you're waiting for perfect community,
then you'll never experience community at all.
And so we've talked about how idealism is the real enemy of community.
But now let's talk about how Jesus is the source of real community.
And before we get to the nitty and gritty of this passage, you have to understand the logic of community in this letter that's called Colossians.
So in the first two chapters in Colossians one and two, Paul gives us this massive cosmic gospel vision.
Jesus is the image of the invisible God.
He's the creator of all things, the sustainer of all things, the reconciler of all things.
And through the cross, He's reconciled not only God and sinners, but heaven and earth.
He died and rose from the grave, ascended to heaven where He's seated at the right hand of God.
That's Colossians 1 and 2.
Then you get to Colossians 3, and Paul brings that cosmic gospel down into everyday life.
He says at the beginning of Colossians 3, you've been raised with Christ.
And so put off the old self and put on the new self.
So imagine work with the imagery here.
He's saying your old self is like an old dirty shirt that's covered with stains and rips and tears.
It represents your guilt, your shame, all the sin of your past.
He's saying, take off the old self and then put
on the new self that's in Christ.
So you're taking off this old stained shirt and you're putting on a pure white spotless shirt that represents that you've been purified, you've been redeemed, you've been washed, you've been cleaned by Jesus Christ, you are putting on the new self.
And so that's what he says, you've been raised with Christ, put off the old self, put on the new self, but you got to get this.
when he talks about the new self and actually everything in this passage, he's not talking to us merely as individuals.
This is all communal.
That's the substructure of everything that's said here.
I mean, this letter was written to a church.
And then in this passage that we're looking at today, every time it says you, it's the second person plural.
You all are as some of our friends say, y'all, okay?
Everyone.
This is not God's love letter to you as an individual.
This is God's word to his community teaching us how to follow his son Jesus together.
And so here's the thing, this is an amazing passage, Colossians chapter three.
You cannot obey this passage by yourself.
You can't.
It's literally impossible.
As we're gonna see, there are four one-on-others in this passage and you can't do those alone.
Miley Cyrus can buy herself flowers, but she can't love one another by herself.
Okay, you can't do it.
And so this is all inherently communal and it's all by grace.
We enter into this community not based on achievement, but by redemption.
And what it's saying is that the gospel reconciles us to God and adopts us into a family.
So,
I have an older brother.
And so that means that when I was born, I was born simultaneously as a son and a brother at the same time.
That's always been my identity.
I've never had identity outside of being a son and a brother.
And the same thing is true for us.
When we trust in Jesus and we are born again, we are simultaneously sons and daughters of God,
and brothers and sisters of one another.
We're family.
And so this is crucial for understanding what Paul is doing here in Colossians chapter three.
Look at verse 12 with me.
He says, put on then as God's chosen ones, holy and beloved.
Here's what he's doing.
He's declaring their communal identity over them.
And
His word is living and active.
He's declaring our identity over us.
He's saying, you are chosen.
What a beautiful truth.
So often we worry about, will anyone accept me?
Will anyone want me?
We fear that we'll be rejected.
God looks upon us and says, you're chosen.
And he looks upon us and he declares, you're holy.
Now I know that you might think, well, I don't feel very holy.
I don't feel very pure.
I don't feel set apart, but God is declaring this.
This isn't an identity that you achieve.
It's an identity that you receive through faith.
God says, you're holy.
You've been made holy by the blood of Jesus Christ.
You've been forgiven.
You've been washed so that when God looks at us, he doesn't see the accumulation of all of our shortcomings and our sin and our failure.
He sees the righteousness of Jesus.
You're chosen.
You're holy.
And he says, and you're beloved.
You're my beloved.
The beautiful God looks at us and he's just overwhelmed with love.
He moves towards us in compassion and he wants you to know that's your identity.
You are the beloved of God.
And so he starts this passage out, Paul does, by declaring their identity over them.
And this is how the gospel works.
You receive an identity by faith and then you live that out.
So you don't enter into community as a self-made person.
You enter in as someone who's already loved, already forgiven and already secure.
And that frees you from using community to justify yourself.
Because if you don't already know that you're loved by God, then you'll ask community to give you what only God can, approval, validation and worth.
And honestly, that's why so many different communities collapse.
If a community is built on achievement, then it falls apart when we fail.
If it's built on chemistry, then it fades when we change.
Compatibility can create a community for a season, but only grace can sustain it over time.
And so only a community centered on Jesus can become this kind of real community.
Because only Jesus gives us an identity that's unshakeable.
Only Jesus can hold together people who will let one another down.
Only Jesus creates a family where we don't have to perform to belong.
And this is who we are by grace.
It's our communal identity.
You know, I was in New York City in the fall and I was staying right outside of Central Park.
So every morning when I was there, I would wake up and I would go run in Central Park.
It's just amazing.
It's beautiful.
It's the fall.
The leaves are changing colors.
And I noticed something while I was running there every day.
They had these signs everywhere that said, Central Park is your backyard.
And I saw it first.
I didn't think much about it.
But then I saw it again.
I kept seeing them.
And I started noticing it kind of had an impact on me in the way that I was thinking about Central Park.
Like here I am.
I'm a visitor from Los Angeles coming to New York.
Like this isn't like, I don't have any responsibility here.
Like I'm just coming in and running through here because it's beautiful.
It's a nice setting, right?
But I kept reading the sign and genuinely, it shaped the way I viewed Central Park.
And I started thinking about it.
It's a brilliant marketing scheme because at the end of the day, what they're trying to do is to keep, to help people pick up their own trash.
Like that's what they want.
They want people to not trash Central Park, but to treat it well, pick up after yourselves, do things like that.
But rather than putting a sign out that says, hey, idiot, pick up your own trash, they put a sign out that says Central Park is your backyard.
They're saying, we have a mutual responsibility here.
We're in this together.
This is about us.
And so what they were doing is that they were motivating by identity.
I think they're taking a page out of God's book.
He is trying to motivate his people by reminding them of their communal identity.
Colossians three is a sign in the middle of our lives saying, the church is your family.
These are brothers and sisters.
These are people you use.
These aren't people that you come and go with when it's convenient.
The church is your family.
He's saying, you are chosen.
You are holy.
You are beloved.
And now you get to live in light of that.
So I've tried to show you that idealism is the real enemy of community.
And I hope that you give up on your idealistic visions of community, but real community is possible because of the good news of Jesus.
And while it's glorious, it's messy, difficult and advances through hardship and conflict.
So the question now is, how do we do it?
I mean, hopefully I've got you convinced like, okay, I'll give up on these dreamy visions of community.
I want real community.
I get it.
It's hard.
I'm willing to sacrifice.
How do I do it?
What do I do?
Well, for the rest of Colossians chapter three, it gives us four practices and seven postures.
Okay, so I'm gonna walk through these rather briskly.
First, four practices to cultivate real community.
Four practices to cultivate real community.
And the first is, bear with one another.
I love this.
In verse 13, it talks about bearing with one another.
And this might be the key practice to the whole thing.
The Greek word here for bearing means to endure patiently or to put up with or even to suffer.
you're willing to suffer one another.
And so this idea of bearing with one another, it assumes that people will irritate, disappoint, and frustrate you.
It assumes that, but you have to give them grace.
You have to bear with them.
So let's try and get a little bit more concrete here, okay?
Let me just tell you, the person sitting next to you is a piece of work, okay?
Just a work in progress.
Okay, I'm just trying to make this concrete.
They're a work in progress.
And listen, like they're going to have some ups and downs in life.
And here's the thing though, you have to bear with them.
You know why?
Because you don't know everything that they've been through.
You don't know their experiences.
You don't know their past.
You can see how they look, but you don't know what's going on in their hearts.
So you gotta be patient with them.
You gotta be gracious with them.
You gotta endure with them.
You gotta bear with them over time.
Now, not only is that true about the person sitting next to you, but think about what they're thinking now, about their thinking about you.
Now here on this question, when we talk about bearing with one another, okay?
Most of you,
probably almost all of you immediately think about you bearing with a difficult person.
Okay?
So how does this work?
Does that mean like we're the lucky ones, we chose all the like people who don't cause problems here.
And then we all know other people who cause probably who are like, we have to bear with.
No, we all think about, oh, there's something, there's this difficult person that I've got to bear with.
Here's the thing, you're the person too.
You are the person too.
You're sitting next to someone who was thinking, you're working progress.
And that's the truth.
You need people in your life who will bear with you.
You need people who will in your life, who will give you the benefit of the doubt, who will be patient with you, who will be gracious towards you, who will respond with love when you are unloving.
You need people to bear with you in your life and you need that for you to be able to be honest and vulnerable and open with other people.
So look, we need each other.
It's all of us.
We need people to bear with us, and we need to bear with one another.
There's a New Testament scholar from China.
Her name is Shiyashiyashu.
And she talks about how Christians in the West tend to think of unity as the absence of conflict.
And so we seek unity and peace by the removal of all conflict.
So when there is no conflict, then we have peace and unity.
But she says that,
Cultures in majority cultures and Christians all over the world, especially people who have experienced oppression, they think of this differently.
She says that unity is not the absence of conflict, but a deeper agreement amidst the conflict.
And here's what she says, the essence of the church is the community in union with Christ in the midst of conflict.
It assumes conflict because we're broken people.
in a broken world.
And so the way to discover deeper unity is not by minimizing our differences, but magnifying our agreement in Jesus.
Conflict is inevitable.
And our goal is not to avoid conflict, but to let it lead us into deeper unity and peace.
And to do that, we have to bear with one another.
So it's the first practice to cultivate real community.
The second is to forgive one another.
You see this in verse 13.
He says, bearing with one another, and if one has a complaint against another, forgiving each other as the Lord has forgiven you.
So you also must forgive.
So listen, if you're in community and someone wrongs you, whether they realize it or not, the right response is not to avoid it or even to minimize it or just to run away from it.
No, it's to acknowledge it and to seek forgiveness.
to acknowledge it and to seek forgiveness.
And this is so important because for some of you, it's bitterness that is holding you back from experiencing real loving relationships in your life.
And you are hurt at some point and you haven't dealt with that hurt and you haven't forgiven and that bitterness
That hurt is turning into bitterness, which is flowing over into resentment, not only to the one person who hurt you, but to all people around you.
And it's building a barrier around you where you're longing for deep relationships and you can't experience them.
And the root of that is bitterness.
And so you have to forgive.
You have to be willing to let that go.
And forgiveness doesn't mean saying it's all right.
It wasn't okay if somebody hurt you.
It's acknowledging that that was wrong and yet you're willing to let it go for the sake of relationship.
I'm not going to hold this against someone anymore.
And we often think, well, I need to forgive for their sake.
Yeah, but you need to forgive for your sake as well.
I mean, it's been said that not forgiving someone is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die.
It doesn't work.
You have to let that go.
You have to forgive.
And some of you are saying, yeah, but you don't know how hard that is.
But listen, this is the key in verse 13.
It says, we forgive one another as the Lord has forgiven you.
If you're only looking at that person's wrong doing, I understand why it can feel very difficult to forgive, even if that person won't acknowledge what they've done.
But when you look to Christ and realized that you had sinned greatly against him and yet he forgave you, then
you will be able to forgive others.
And so we need this.
I'm not just talking about individuals.
We need a culture of forgiveness because if forgiveness isn't built into your community, it will only be a matter of time until your community collapses and fractures.
And if you can't learn to do this, then you will just jump from community to community, from relationship to relationship.
Every time you get hurt building up the wall a little bit more.
So we have to bear with one another.
We have to forgive one another.
Third, the third practice to cultivate real community is teach one another.
And this is discipleship.
We're learning from one another about how to follow Jesus.
We all have things that we don't know.
We all have blind spots and we need each other to teach one another.
And the key in this passage is that the teaching comes from the Word of God.
It says, let the Word of Christ dwell in you richly teaching one another.
And again, that you is plural.
Let the Word of Christ dwell in you all richly teaching one another.
So you might think, oh, I have financial questions.
Well, great, maybe someone can come alongside of you and say, well, let's see what the Bible says about stewardship and generosity.
Oh, you're struggling with singleness.
Let's see what the Bible says about singleness.
Oh, you're riddled with fear because of what's happening in our society.
Let's see what the Bible says about fear and how we can live in light of it.
So we have to teach one another from the scriptures.
This doesn't mean setting up a pulpit in somebody's living room.
It means constantly opening the word of God or memorizing the word of God or having a spirit put words of God in your heart that you can share with other people where you're teaching each other as we follow Jesus.
And then the fourth practice that we need to cultivate
real community is admonishing one another.
Now, I know that the word admonish is not in most of your day to day vocabulary.
So let me unpack this.
Webster's dictionary defines admonish as to warn counsel or advise someone earnestly, often with the aim of correcting behavior or preventing harm.
So basically to admonish someone is to lovingly warn or correct them for their good.
And
It's interesting.
The Greek word behind admonish literally means to put something into someone's mind, to put something into someone's mind.
So it's as if like someone's just living a certain way and, you know, maybe they're, they're drifting from God's will in some way or another and they just haven't, the thought hasn't even entered their mind.
And you're willing to put that thought in their mind.
Like, what does God say about this?
Hey, like look at this truth from scripture and admonishing it shouldn't be at least it shouldn't be harsh or shaming.
When Paul says admonish one another, he's talking about loving honest conversations where we care enough about someone's soul to speak the truth even when it's uncomfortable.
And it assumes relationship, trust and humility.
So I mean, I think back in my own life,
I've been discipled by being taught things by lots of people proactively and some of the key discipleship moments in my life are when people loved me enough to bring hard truth in front of my eyes so that I could see what was going on in my own heart and so that I could change.
And so we need that with each other.
I know we're afraid of confrontation and coming across and this and that, but scripture tells us not only to do this, but it talks about how to do it.
to speak the truth in love, to admonish one another, to admonish someone is to bring loving truth for them, not against them.
And so we need to bear with one another, forgive one another, teach one another, and admonish one another.
And you know, these are four of the one anothers in the scriptures, but they're actually 59 one anothers.
throughout the New Testament, 59.
It talks a lot about how we need one another.
Let me just give you a sampling of these.
Confess your sins to one another, pray for one another, honor one another, instruct one another, serve one another, bear one another's burdens, be patient with one another, and encourage one another.
This is what it means to be the body of Christ.
So let me ask you two really practical questions.
Okay, because I hope that you're getting this, but I want you to apply it to your own life.
Two questions.
First is this, who do you do the one another's with?
Who are the people in your life that you confess your sins to one another?
You pray for one another.
You encourage one another.
You bear one another's burdens.
Who are those people?
You know, in our discipleship pathway, we talk about how important it is to be known in community.
By that, what we mean is having a small group of people that you go deep with, that you go deep with, that you do the one and others.
Like, we are a church community and this congregation, we can't do the one and all the one and others with each other.
But what we can do is have deeper relationships that we're committed to throughout the week where we're actually doing those things.
And so,
The main way that we create structure for this in our church is through community groups.
And community groups are a place where we welcome and love one another.
It's a lonely city.
We want to welcome people in and that we want to love one another.
By sharing life, by speaking truth to each other, to meeting one another's needs, by praying for one another.
That's what our community groups are about.
And one of the reasons that are the
The statistic that I showed you that we have a lot of people in Christian communities because of community groups.
I'm just so encouraged hearing stories about this.
I mean, I heard someone a while ago said to me, I wouldn't even be in LA anymore if it weren't for my community group.
I heard one person say, I wouldn't even be a Christian anymore if it weren't for my community group.
I've heard stories in the last few months of community groups rallying to pay rent for someone who can't.
Community groups rallying and sacrificing to care for one of their members in their community group who is ill.
I mean, this is where we do the one another's, where we love one another, where we pray for one another, where we confess to one another.
But while reality like community groups aren't there, I would say they're the primary way that we have structure for this as a church, it's not the only way to be in Christian community.
Our hope for everyone, whether you can be in a formal community group or not, is that you would have intentional Christian community in your life and have rhythms that represent that.
And so maybe it doesn't work for you schedule wise or whatever that is, but do you have people in your life that you're committed to doing the one another's with?
So that was my first question.
Who are you doing that one another's with?
My second question is, when do you do the one another's with those people?
So here's what I mean.
Some of you have access to Christian community, but you don't have intentional rhythms of Christian community.
So like, yeah, I could call someone if I needed to confess some sin, but that's not enough.
Like you need rhythms in your life where you're committed to doing these one anothers.
So when we talk about Christian community, it's not just hanging out with friends who are Christians.
That's great.
I hope we do that all the time.
We're talking about intentional fellowship where we're getting together and saying, how are you really doing and praying for each other and doing these one anothers?
I know that for some of you, I just wanna, I know
I know that for some of you this is hard because there's wounds and you just feel like I'm too relationally broken.
Like maybe you have wounds from your childhood or maybe it's from a church, but you think I just can't go there.
Pastor, I'll show up for Sundays, but I'm too relationally broken to go there with a small group of people.
Let me tell you a story.
There's this tree that was planted by the city
right around the corner from where I live and I walk by it almost every day when I'm walking my dog and One day I walk by and a a car had I don't know what happened But clearly a car had gotten out of control and and went into this person's front yard on the corner Demolish their metal fence.
I mean like fences gone and this tree is
was, I mean, it clearly went over, it hit the tree and went over it.
So this tree was, you know, it might be six feet tall, like a year old, something, I don't know, the city planted it.
And I mean, it demolished this tree.
I mean, it was like the trunk of it was like cracked, where it was split, it was bent over, like over half the way.
And I saw this tree and I thought, that tree is dead, like gone.
No chance of any life in that tree.
And I walk by it every day, still there.
I walked by it.
It seemed like it started to stand up a little bit more over time.
It was still like cracked and just looked mangled, still assuming like there's no hope for this tree.
And last week, I walk around the corner and I see this tree, this same tree filled with bright pink blossoms.
It's called a pink trumpet tree.
And they're called pink trumpets because that's what it looks like.
And they're everywhere so bright that you could hardly imagine.
And I see this tree filled with blossoms and I'm just utterly shocked.
Like what?
I thought this tree was dead.
Like this tree had no chance of surviving.
How in the world did it bear these blossoms, these beautiful things?
And so I literally went and I like looked it up.
What is this super tree?
Does the city put some secret DNA in these trees to make them, were they going to recover from anything?
And what I found in research was that no, it's a pink trumpet tree.
It could survive something like this for some really basic reasons.
One is because it has roots that go beneath the ground.
And two, it kept getting sunlight and water.
That's it.
And look, some of you, you feel like that tree.
Whatever's happened to you, you feel too relationally broken to be able to engage with community anymore.
And I want to say there's hope with God.
You can have roots beneath the surface with your relationship with God that can genuinely bear fruit.
And you just need the constant basics, the sunshine of God's grace and the water of healthy relationships in your life.
that can bring restoration and bare fruit in your life.
So I just hope, I just wanna plead with you.
Don't give up, there's always hope with God.
And we've gotta lean into these practices of bearing with one another, forgiving one another, teaching one another, and admonishing one another.
Next, this practice gives us seven postures to sustain real community.
So these four practices are gonna cultivate it, these seven postures are gonna sustain it,
Let me fly through these.
First is compassion.
So that means we enter into pain.
We move towards hurting people.
We mourn with those who mourn.
We lead with compassion.
Next is kindness.
We respond with mercy.
We don't retaliate.
We respond to hate with love and we respond to harshness with gentleness.
This is the posture that's going to sustain this real community.
Next is humility.
We don't always assume that we're right.
In fact, we know that we're often wrong and that we have blind spots.
And so we give the benefit of the doubt.
We enter into community humbly.
Next is meekness.
We restrain power.
And so meek doesn't mean weak.
It actually means strength that's guided by love.
It's a gentleness that comes from knowing that everyone is going through something.
Next is patience.
We stay when it's hard.
The easy thing to do when things get difficult is to move on.
But we're patient people by God's grace.
We stay.
We endure because we know that the grass isn't greener on the other side.
And we don't just want to jump from shallow relationship to shallow relationship.
And the next is love.
We seek your good.
at our cost.
We seek the good of others at our own cost.
And let me read verse 14 to you here.
These last two postures here are the most important.
It says, and above all these, put on love, which binds everything together in perfect harmony.
So you have all these other postures, compassion, kindness, humility, meekness, patience, but love is what binds them all together.
And it says in perfect harmony.
You know, my, my daughters love to sing and they have beautiful voices.
I love hearing them sing.
And what they love, what they do is one person will sing the melody and the other three will harmonize.
And so what that means is, is that they pick different notes than the melody, but that go with that note so that they all blend together to make a fuller, richer sound than they could make one by themselves.
That's what it means to harmonize.
Well, we believe that Jesus is the melody.
His life is a beautiful song of redemption.
And when we love one another, we're harmonizing.
When we love one another in service, in sacrifice, in care, in forgiveness, our lives are playing different notes that blend together to make a fuller, richer community to the glory of God.
And so we need love.
at the core of our community.
And then lastly, there's peace.
We submit to Christ's rule.
Now, the peace that it's talking about here is not an inner calm, but relational wholeness.
It's talking about the body of Christ.
And he says, let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts.
And the word rule there could literally be like moderate or even referee.
So conflict is resolved, not by one person winning or losing, but by mutually submitting to Christ through His word.
Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts.
I gotta say something really important about these seven postures.
Some of you are gonna hear me.
You're gonna hear these seven things as seven shoulds.
You should be more compassionate.
You should be more kind.
You should be more meek.
And that some of you, that's the only way that you know how to, to receive things.
That's not what I'm saying.
That's not what this is saying.
Remember what I said at the beginning that what's happening in this passage is you've been risen with Christ, put off the old self, put on the new self.
And then this is showing us what the new self in Christ is.
Your life is hidden with Christ.
You're clothed in Christ.
So it's not saying be more compassionate, be more kind, be more humble.
It is saying this is who you are in Christ.
And this is why it's possible for you to experience this in community.
So just imagine with me for a second that I know some of you are into design, fashion.
Imagine walking in to a really well-known fashion designer's wardrobe.
Like you walk into your dream wardrobe, okay?
You're like, here's the shoes, here's the handbags, here's the jackets.
You're seeing all this stuff.
You're just in heaven, imagining all of this, and you get to pick and choose all these different things and walk out wearing all of that.
What this passage is saying is that every morning you get to walk into the wardrobe of Christ.
And so you're not just putting on compassion, you're putting on Christ's compassion.
You're putting on Christ's kindness, Christ's humility, his meekness, his patience, his love, his peace.
You are clothed in Christ.
That's why community is possible.
And so I've tried to show you a beautifully difficult and messy vision of community.
And let me just close by saying what I said towards the beginning of, don't idealize what I'm saying to you even now.
Okay, some of you are like, I'm gonna embrace messy community, community perfectly, okay?
Relax, okay?
Some of you are like, I'm gonna go sign up for a community group and it's gonna be amazing.
Maybe, I'm gonna mite.
It might also take a while to really connect and get to know other people.
So don't idealize what I'm saying to you.
Here's what I want you to do.
Acknowledge the difficulty and the slow grind of building real community.
And then take one practical step.
Today, take one practical step.
Let me give you four options.
One practical step is that you could join a community group.
We're gonna have a table set up in the courtyard where you can talk to some of our community groups team about that.
Maybe today's the day that you join a community group.
Second, a practical step.
Schedule a regular time with a Christian friend for a check-in.
Hey, once a week, once a month, whatever it is, let's get together or talk on the phone at this time
And let's check in on each other.
How are you doing?
This is our time to confess to one another, pray for one another to do that.
Just schedule a time with one other Christian friend.
A third practical thing that you could do in light of this is pursue someone who might not have community.
Maybe you're hearing this and you're yesterday, minting everything I'm saying today and you are walking in community and you are just so grateful to God for that in your life.
But maybe the practical step for you is to pursue others who don't have that and invite them in.
And then fourth, seriously, if all of those things are like, man, I don't know if I can commit, just pray.
Talk to God about it.
Whatever's going on in your heart right now, bring it to the Lord and ask Him.
Okay, pray.
I simply want to close by reading the final verse in this, says, whatever you do in word or deed, do everything in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through Him.
So at the end of the day, it's not about us.
Community doesn't exist for itself.
It's all because of the gospel and for the glory of God.
We are redeemed into this community and we don't exist for ourselves, but for God's mission and for his glory.
And so my hope for us is that we would walk with one another, but we would do so with hands lifted high to the glory of God.
Because he's the one who not only has called us to himself, but who has adopted us into his family.
Pray with me.
God, we thank you so much for the gift of community.
It truly is a privilege to be a part of a family with brothers and sisters.
But God, we also pray that we would see that this gift is a responsibility and that it's not easy.
Would you give us biblical expectations for community, knowing that it's going to take sacrifice, it's going to take time, it's going to take work,
And yet you're gonna be at work in the midst of it all.
And so Father, would you help us to be a people who let the word of Christ dwell in us richly, teaching and admonishing one another.
And when we fall short, forgiving one another.
And over time, bearing with one another, that we might experience your grace in the tangible form of relationships.
We pray this in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Thank you for listening.
For more audio and video content, please visit realityla.com.